Madhav Sharma
23a Saxon Street,LE3 0BL,Leicester,United kingdom,
Mobile: 07388802754
E-mail: smadhav527@gmail.com

Career Objective:
“To pursue a career in a progressive organization that gives a scope to enhance my knowledge in the field of information technologies and utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization.”

Education:

2020 –  2022      	MSc in Cloud Computing,
                                    University of Leicester, Leicester,UK
Modules pursuing: Advanced Web Technologies, Software  Measurement and Quality Assurance, Internet and Cloud Computing, Financial Services Information Systems.

2014 – 2018         	 B.E. in Computer Science and Engineering,
                                     Chitkara University , Himachal Pradesh,India

Projects:
         Android Development (College Buddy Application)
•	Developed an application which is primarily based to provide an interface between student and professor in which a student can have access to all the learning materials of all the subjects a student is enrolled in. An interface for students to submit their assignments, quizzes. The student and professor can connect with fellow students and supervisors. A lot other features such as assignment submission has been also implemented.
•	Used Aiohttp (Async)  framework for Backend Application Framework ,Rest APIs for Android Application.
•	Python for Backend Framework Development ,Java for Android Development and Postgres for Database design

        TO DO LIST(EJS WEB APPLICATION)
•	Build an application with the help of html mark up with plain javascript using embedded javascript templates.
•	A user can add to do list for a particular day with updated day and date.
•	App has two different routes for adding lists in every single one.
•	Technologies used-HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT,EJS,NODE.JS



IT Skills
Technical Skills
MySql, html, Css, Bootstrap, Javascript, node.js, Java .
Development Environment
Pycharm, Android Studio , Amazon web services, Postgres  Database,Visual studio ,Microsoft Excel
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux
Soft Skills
 Team Oriented, Innovative and Visionary,Positive Attitude and Hardworking.
Work Experience
20 JAN 2022 – 28 FEB 2022 :   IT SUPPORT (RAJ ACCOMODATION, LE3
0BL,LEICESTER,UK )

Providing high level of customer service and high-level problem solving. Perform break‐fixes  and work maintenance windows as well monitor alerts and logs to ensure maximum uptime ,Performs administration tasks, such as new joiner/ leaver process, user management, documentation,      communication messages to users, Perform diagnostics and troubleshooting of multiple issues.
